hey there friends fan are you ready for
something really awesome in today's
lesson we'll learn what happened to
Rachel Ross Monica Chandler Phoebe and
Joey 15 years after the end of the last
episodes of the Friends series with the
trailer of the new and upcoming Friends
movie let's roll the clip
this belong a waiter epic adventure are
you out of your mind I'm sorry I didn't
realize how attractive you are would you
mind if I ask you that question without
yelling okay are you out of your mind
yes how have you not done Skype before
you look you look amazing oh thank you
they will search for the answer
[Music]
alright alright I can't do this
unfortunately this isn't a real movie
this trailer was made by a fan and it
only contains clips from other shows and
appearances of the cast over the recent
years but will we ever get to see our
favorite 6 New Yorker friends together
again in either a series or movie
reunion in today's lesson
Lisa Kudrow and Jennifer Aniston will
tell us get ready for a fun and powerful
learning experience ten days ago a
someone put up a fake trailer for a
friend's move for a friend's movie yeah
and already it was fake it was already
one person was fooled but it was almost
40 million views right in a week yeah I
know
that's insane here Conan the interviewer
says that somebody made a trailer for a
friend's movie that is not real and put
it up or posted it on the Internet
if you fool somebody you are lying or
tricking them into believing something
that is not true
I think you bytes stick your head in
there find out you fooled me with that
go to the petting zoo you will not fool
me again terrible I messed up every line
I shouldn't even be an act wait a minute
are you doing that thing where you
pretend it didn't go well but it really
did go well yeah did I fool you totally
so it did go well it went amazingly well
and already it was fake it was already
one person was fooled but it became
Conan is making fun of the person who
yelled in the audience he believes that
the trailer is obviously a fake almost
40 million views right in a week yeah I
know
that's insane it's slang insane can have
a couple meanings first as used in this
clip it means that something is
incredible
imple Sara just got a promotion at work
isn't that insane she just started two
months ago so here Lisa is saying that
is surprising and impressive that a fake
trailer got so many views it's hard to
believe that it's true we can also use
this in a negative sense to say that
something is excessive that it is too
much and doesn't make sense in other
words it's crazy just give us the
cheapest room you have unfortunately the
only thing we have available is our
deluxe suite the rate is $600 that's
insane
now as you probably know if somebody is
literally considered insane that would
mean they are crazy from a medical
standpoint yeah well you think about it
40 million times 15 dollars a ticket
that's up in the hundreds of thousands
of dollars
[Laughter]
there's a lot of money there's a lot of
money to be had there if you say that a
number is up in the hundreds of
thousands it is around hundreds of
thousands that is it can be anywhere
from 100,000 to 999,999 this is a way to
describe the order of size of a number
for example we recently hit 1 million
subscribers here on learnings with TV
series so we could say that we're
already up in the millions of
subscribers and we could also say that
it's insane we're so surprised and
excited about it yeah well you think
about it 40 million times 15 dollars a
ticket that's up when the hundreds of
thousands of dollars so Conan jokes that
forty million times fifteen dollars
would be a number up in the hundreds of
thousands which obviously can't be true
it is so much more than that hey are you
a friend Sam go with our flew with
friends course you will learn English
with the full episodes of the first two
seasons of friends and you can try for
free right now with our three-part mini
course just look up at the top or down
the description below
more and signup and if you do I hope you
really enjoy it there's a lot there's a
lot of money to be had there he means
that there is an opportunity to make a
lot of money by making a friend's movie
example there's a lot of fun to be had
at that new water park this is a sort of
passive construction in English that is
not so commonly used I mean you guys
first one when you hear about something
like that you talked to the other
friends gang and say like hey guys let's
get together into a movie see in this
interview we can hear Lisa and Conan
make constant use of an important
element of spoken English yeah well you
think about it 40 million times $15 a
ticket
what do we do I got nothing that's a
clip it's just like sort of these weird
clips yeah I don't know how does that
work with friends that write write these
words and expressions are called
discourse markers although they may seem
unnecessary we use them to connect
organize and manage what we say they can
help us to express subtle details and
show the listener how to interpret what
the speaker is saying discourse markers
probably exist in your language too
[Music]
you know I know we're gonna have to
reschedule
these are the kinds of expressions that
you can understand more easily when
seeing them being used in conversation
so let's check out these examples I
don't know it's such a long trip that'll
be great we could talk in and play games
this could be our chance to like renew
our friendship well if you don't know I
can't help you well I don't know well I
can't help you okay well whatever it is
I am very very sorry okay
well back to square one
oh I know a way that you can decide all
right I'm gonna ask you a series of
questions and you answer as quickly as
you can
yes all right here we go yeah I want you
to relax
that's okay Rachel I'm not judging you
that's just who you are
me I'm more free you know I run like I
did when I was a kid because it's the
only way it's fun you know wait didn't
you ever run so fast you thought your
legs we're gonna fall off you know like
when you were like running toward the
swings yes sir I mean do you guys first
of all when you hear about something
like that you talked to the other
friends gang and say like hey guys let's
get together into a movie scene to get
together is to meet in this case it
means to meet and collaborate on
something example would you like to get
together this weekend you can also hear
this used as a noun which means a small
party example I'm having a small
get-together at my house on Saturday you
should come so every single week we help
learners like you understand fast
speaking natives without getting lost
without me so the jokes and without
subtitles just like why are just wari
who says that our lessons have helped
him to speed up his fluency and you can
do that as well all you have to do is
hit that subscribe button and the bell
down below so you don't miss any of her
new lessons well Courtney actually is
the one who said you seen that trailer
oh my god what do we do
I got nothing that's a clip from a film
or television show is a short part of it
containing for example a scene it can
also mean a short video like a YouTube
clip
as Lisa met Kruger Town is a TV series
that started Courtney Cox as the
protagonist and that ran from 2009 to
I like that Courtney was fooled we gotta
get to this thing let's go
where is it showing right when
co-located with a location like Conan
just said the first verb to get to a
place is the same as to go or travel to
a place yeah yeah I gotta get to the
museum so um I'll see you tonight okay
I like that Courtney was school I guess
we gotta get to this thing let's go
where it's showing
Conan is jokingly saying that Courtney
Cox got fooled by the trailer and wanted
to find out where the movie was being
shown so they could go watch it
Wow how did that go viral yeah but I
knew what she meant yeah yeah yeah I
know I don't I don't I don't I don't
know what to make of it it's just like
sort of these weird clips right from
things that clearly have not nothing to
do with friends right in the context of
the Internet something that goes viral
becomes popular very quickly through
communication from one person to another
I don't I don't know what to make of it
here
Lisa means that she does not know what
to think about it she doesn't have a
strong opinion on it the phrasal verb to
make of is normally used in negative
sentences or questions example what do
you make of this message this movie is
so confusing I can't really make
anything of it weird cliff right from
things that clearly have not nothing to
do with friends if one thing has nothing
to do with another thing it has no
connection no relation what the hell is
going on we took our apartment back
I had nothing to do with it oh my god
wait who's the father you don't know him
it's not important he wants nothing to
do with me or the baby but whenever
people see them they get really excited
because the show has just people binge
watch it they continue to watch it and I
don't know if that I mean something
should be done yes a binge is a period
when you use or consume something
excessively that is in great amounts for
example in drinking alcohol or eating
example I need a diet after the
Christmas binge we all have huge
hangovers from binge drinking all
weekend to binge watch therefore means
to watch multiple episodes of a TV show
one after another without stopping with
the rising popularity of services like
Netflix binging on has become a popular
term used to show your enthusiasm for a
show in the sense that you practically
can't stop watching it example I've been
binge watching the first season of Game
of Thrones since this morning we pinched
on stranger things all last weekend you
should check it out rebooting everything
right right
that was about people in there you know
2030s right well that's not what the
show isn't about people in their 40s 50s
right right and if we have the same
problems and that's just sad
in the entertainment industry to reboot
refers to recreate something such as a
film or TV series in a way that is new
and interesting for example if you like
superhero movies you probably watch the
spider-man franchise from the 2000s with
actor Tobey Maguire since then there
have been two reboots with the amazing
spider-man and spider-man homecoming
Lisa here is saying that many films in
series are being rebooted nowadays
they're rebooting everything but yeah I
don't know how does that work good
friends though right right
that was about people in their you know
twenties thirties normally when we say
20s or 30s referring to years for
example we are talking about decades
like the decade of the 1960 the 60s or
1990 the 90s in the case of what Lisa
says she's referring to a person's age
so the 20s is the time between the ages
of 20 to 29 of a person I can't believe
I never realized this before I'm in my
30s and I've never been in a long-term
relationship oh my god what's wrong with
me no no that was about people in their
you know twenties thirties right well
that's not what the show isn't about
people in their forties fifties right
right and if we have the same problems
then that's just sad
in friends we follow the lives of the
characters living in their 20s and 30s
so Lisa makes the point that the show
isn't about people in their 40s and 50s
and that if it were it would still just
be sad to see the characters still going
through the same personal problems 15
years later that is why she thinks a
reboot of friends wouldn't work hey how
come y'all should do a friends reunion
I know people keep asking that look at
know they're saying oh oh oh look at
y'all Ellen does not finish her question
here but we can hear she was going to
start with the words how come hey y'all
should do a friends reunion how come is
a collocation used to ask about the
reason of something that is the same as
Y example so how come you got an
invitation and not me if you and just
got are BFFs how come we've never met
her okay well it was a long time ago
okay like some kind of guys like some
kind of sexist guy thing are you a
friend's fan do you want to learn more
about the making of friends well then
check out this interview lesson we made
where Courtney Cox talks all about it oh
[Music]
look at y'all you may have heard
Americans say the word y'all but do you
know what it means y'all is an informal
contraction of you all which is the
plural of the second person you so if
you want to refer to a group in the
second person instead of saying you you
could say you all or even y'all Ellen is
referring to Jennifer and the rest of
the friends cast example you all should
come on a trip with us y'all from here I
just think you all might be interested
to learn something about that movie
y'all love so much this is particularly
common in the south of the United States
where Ellen is from however many
consider y'all and even you all
grammatically incorrect
it can even give a sense that someone is
uneducated you guys want to walk down to
the duck pond that sounds lovely I'll
get the gun are you all coming y'all we
don't say y'all yeah we do
no well yeah we say it here but not
normally what did you ever think this is
how I really talk and that I talk
different like when I'm not here y'all
fight no no sweetie we're just having a
conversation about how your daddy can be
so stuck-up so as a learner although it
is important that you know what it means
I would recommend you stick to you for
both the second person singular and
plural y'all should do a friends reunion
I know people keep asking that oh no
they're saying oh oh Jennifer gets
confused by the reaction of the audience
when Ellen mentions a friends reunion
but they are actually reacting to the
picture seen on the big screen in the
background oh look at y'all here we can
hear Ellen and Jennifer talk about the
sound that the audience made which they
described as being an awesome
while this was just a way the crowd
found to express sympathy and care it is
also a very common sound in the English
language in a variety of words for
example the word saw or the name
Lawrence both have the all sound it's
normal for learns to mispronounce it by
adding an owl sound at the end of the
syllable so it's not Lawrence but
Lawrence and it's not so but saw and
it's not oh yeah it's oh yeah is it even
a possibility is it even in the realm of
possibility anything is a possibility
Ellen okay anything yes right yes
[Applause]
she goes I mean George Clooney got
married like that's literally a realm is
a kingdom which is a territory ruled by
a king or queen
however we more commonly use it to
describe an area of activity interest or
knowledge example our torts interior is
most known for his movies but he's also
been very active in the political realm
or in the realm of politics we say that
something is in the realm of possibility
when we simply mean that it is possible
is it even a possibility is it even in
the realm of possibility example what do
the championship is beyond the realm of
possibility she goes I mean George
Clooney got married like that's here
notice how bats and your seemed to
almost sound like one word when we have
a word ending in s followed by a
function word that begins with a vowel
it is common for the S sound to hook on
to the next word what's more in the case
of bats the S sound changes to a Z sound
so instead of that's his sister that's
your opinion that's it we get that's a
sister that's your opinion that's it we
heard another example in the clip with
Conan with the word there's there's a
lot of mud live there's a lot of money
to be had there let's look at a few
other examples I'm sorry I'm so rude
does anyone want to come to the movies
hey watch French toast oh I'll have some
me too eggs and milk in the fish
well this is terrible you guys are gonna
have to get married in like a rec center
we've never coming back okay you just
cost me $80 a week hey you know what
this is your fault you're the one who
didn't move his his appointment I hope
you had a lot of fun learning with us
today be sure before you go to hit that
subscribe button so you don't miss a
single one of our new lessons check out
our free mini course with friends and be
sure to check out this playlist with a
bunch of lessons with Jennifer Aniston's
character Rachel from friends or this
other lesson I think you'll like now
it's time to go beyond the classroom and
live your English aha yeah